Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Like a brother
What's your name?
Zack.
I'm Bruno.
Do you come here often?
No it's my first time.
You're from out of town. aren't you?
Yes. how can you tell?
Just a hunch.
What do you do for a living?
I work in a bank.
What sign are you?
It's always the same.
5 minutes before she leaves.
she dumps all her stuff on me
I even went to see Pierrat.
the manager. that I'd had it.
You should have seen
her face the next day.
You're miles away.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
What's the matter?
It's my birthday today.
You don't look very happy
about it.
Why didn't you mention it?
I'm not really that bothered.
You should be glad of
a reason to celebrate.
with a name like yours.
It's not my real name.
My real name's Sebastien.
I changed it when
I moved to Paris.
Zack is from a tv series
when I was little.
The hero was blonde
and really cute.
Probably the first boy
I fell in love with.
You'll be 20. won't you?
And you're miserable about that?
Yes. I think I'm getting old.
Don't be so stupid.
you're still young!
It brings back memories.
I remember it was this time
last year when
I came to Paris.
Where've you been?
At the creek. drawing.
Are you coming tonight?
Where to?
To the Jungle of course.
where else?
I'm a bit sick of it.
but there's nothing else.
Are you OK?
I'm fine. I was miles away.
You gave me
a bit of a shock.
Just give me a minute.
See you later then
with Marine and Sophie.
Coming out of maths...
and he's pushing...
No way?
Yeah. for no reason...
Apparently I'd been asking for it.
Yeah right...
As if...
He hits out...
- You had a fight?
- A right hook...
He tries it on...
He's all talk. no action.
Yeah...
- You're moody tonight.
- No. I'm not.
You've been like this for ages.
What's up?
I'm OK. alright!
Leave him alone.
You're more clued up
than we are! Do tell?
- Do you know?
- No.
Leave him alone.
My birthday's next week.
my first one away from home.
Well. it's not serious!
You could just go home!
If I did. I might not come back.
You know what.
we should throw a party.
I'm at my grandma's
so that won't work.
Apart from you.
I don't have any friends.
There's my place.
My parents are away next week.
And the lads at college
don't need an excuse.
It's nice of you.
but maybe not a good idea.
It is.
Yeah. it'll be fun.
Marine. shall we go to the loo?
Yeah!
Why didn't you tell me?
I didn't want to bother you.
So you can't be open
with your friends.
So you and Marine?
Just friends. I told you.
She really fancies you.
I'm not interested.
I'm not like you. you know.
Yeah right. abnormal.
Shall we go. guys?
I've got people to call.
Dad?
I'm in Paris.
I just got here.
Can I come round?
Good to see you again.
You haven't changed much.
I've got something important
to tell you.
So go on then?
This isn't easy.
Carry on working.
It's partly why I came back.
I didn't really like it anymore.
I'm gay.
Do you know.
I'm not surprised.
Is that all you've got to say?
It's not what I had
planned for you.
but I love you just as you are
and I want you to be happy.
Can I stay here for a while?
Yes. as long as you like.
You going back to college?
Yeah. next term.
I'll get a job in the meantime.
Can I have the keys?
I know I never had
much time for you
but hopefully
I can make up for it now.
Well I won't go on about it.
Just know I'm here for you.
Thanks dad.
Did you skip class?
Wait til you see this?
It's all bloody. Is it infected?
No. it's fine. Just needs to heal.
You've been threatening for ages.
I didn't think you'd do it.
Why didn't you tell us?
So you wouldn't put me off
or make a fuss.
It was easier on my own.
Did you get it done in Nantes?
Yeah. He's really good.
I might get another one
or a piercing.
Well. you could have said...
No point worrying.
None at all.
- I'm picking my brother up from judo.
- OK. Ciao.
- Let's revise on the beach.
- OK.
Zack. 19 years old...
Blonde
1 metre 75 tall. 55 kilos.
looking to get laid tonight.
How old are you?
Me. cute. hairless.
I like everything.
Can I have some?
Stop it!
You always watch this.
It's my favourite.
It's horny but... boring.
Pass the remote.
You're a pain.
That's better.
No way!
Hang on.
Laurent?
Do you kiss?
I don't know.
Do you like movies?
Yes.
Me too. always have done.
Not my neck...
Come on. seriously...
Have you done it or not?
Wouldn't you like to know?
You can tell me.
If you don't. it's because
you've never done it.
What about you?
I've done stuff.
but never all the way.
Do you want to?
Yeah.
I don't want to wait for
the right one or any of that crap.
You're on heat.
Do you want to feel a man's touch?
Do you want it rough or...
to be licked all over?
Stop it. everyone's looking!
Silly.
Do you think Sophie and Romain
have done it?
Romain has definitely
slept with a girl...
So's Sophie. but I meant together...
I dunno...
That pisses you off?
No.
You're just jealous.
It had to happen.
What difference does it make?
It changes everything.
Are you in love with him?
Maybe...
Don't fall asleep.
You can't stay.
Do you want me to go?
Yes.
So it was just a one-off...
You don't want to see me again.
I don't want a relationship.
But you can call me.
I get the message.
Hi Romain. It's been nearly
3 months since I left
Yeah?
You were out late.
I was checking out
the club scene here?
Did you like it?
Yes. I had a ball.
Is that a letter?
No. it's crap.
Goodnight.
Were you serious
that if you went home
you wouldn't come back?
I dunno.
You'd leave me?
It's not like that.
You've got Sophie anyway.
It's different with girls.
but with a mate.
There's not much for me here.
Anyway I've been thinking...
If it wasn't for you.
I'd be long gone.
Don't leave.
We've known each other forever.
Like a brother?
It's not a brother I need.
I've already got one.
So what do you need?
I don't know.
Somebody who cares about me.
who's tender
and affectionate.
Why not Marine?
I'm not in love with her.
She's just a friend.
Just because she's a girl.
doesn't mean I should go out with her.
Are you settling in?
Yes. I could do with some friends.
It's a big city
you'll get used to it.
What you want to do with your life?
I've always loved the cinema.
That would be good.
Acting?
Why not?
I'm forever being told I'm cute.
I know you need more than looks
but it's a start.
Isn't it a bit of a closed shop.
It's who you know.
I dunno.
I'd like to give it a go anyway.
One of the reasons I moved
was so I didn't end up there.
You're nothing like your brother.
How's he doing?
Butcher shop doing well?
Yeah.
He'll take over when I'm gone.
Do you meet any women here?
Yeah. a few
but nothing serious
Sometimes. I'm sad.
I wonder why I left.
What do you miss most?
I don't know.
Probably the sea.
Water's chilly.
Only you would go
swimming in May.
What would you know?
It's not my fault I can't swim.
Well. you could learn.
You could go in anyway.
Forget it.
Cool tattoo.
Pass the cream.
Here.
Will you do my back?
So here's the deal.
I've invited Jonasz.
Clément. Johan. Laurent.
David. Benjamin and the other David.
The boys.
The girls. I've asked Sarah.
Julie. Lucie and Samantha.
Plus friends. Except Bertrand's lot.
For what time?
8 o'clock.
Bring a bottle?
Yes.
We'll get some beers
and stuff. And a cake.
I hardly know them.
It might be a fiasco.
I'm busting my ass for you.
That's gratitude for you.
You're not doing it for me.
It's so you can throw a party.
I don't believe it!
Come on. Seb.
What about you?
I'm keeping out of it.
Come on. out with it!
Can we just calm down?
I'm sorry but I've got to go.
You coming?
I'll come with you.
Oh Hi. great.
Hi. David. How are you?
Fine.
Who's birthday is it?
Sebastien's.
Don't know him.
Yes you do.
The little poofter!
Why did you invite those creeps?
They're OK. David's cool.
He's just a jerk trying
to get off with you.
Stop being so jealous.
We're not married.
What are you doing
with that loser?
He's nice.
He's not what you need.
Him and his mate suck
more than lollipops.
Meaning?
Him and his queer mate.
You need a real man.
You were right about Sophie
not being right.
You're hurt.
What happened?
I had a fight with that asshole
David over Sophie.
You're an idiot
Why?
Only idiots fight.
Don't go. I'll have nobody.
You're only thinking of yourself...
because Sophie's dumped you.
You don't care about me.
That's not true.
You're my best friend.
Well. get it!
Yes.
Fuck Marine. it's late.
No. I'm not at home.
I'm at Romain's.
I've got to go. 'Night.
Good luck this morning.
I love his work.
I'd love to work with him.
Your smile should win them over!
Let go. the phone...
If it's more important than me...
Yes?
Sebastien Who is this?
Remember me?
Can't guess? No. who is it?
Romain. is that you?
Winner!
You're the last person.
Am I interrupting?
No problem.
I'm in Paris.
How come?
I'm on a course
for a week.
Shall we meet up?
Yeah. why not...
You don't sound thrilled...
Yes. I am... but
I've changed quite a lot.
It's been a while.
This your new number?
For 9 c'clock.
OK. you're on...
It's good to hear you.
You too.
See you later then.
OK. Bye.
So who was that?
An old friend I haven't
spoken to in ages.
Bad news.
No.
He's in Paris.
So you and this young man?
You've got a one-track mind.
He's straight.
Just friends.
Been waiting long?
Don't know Paris yet.
10 minutes or so.
It's nice here.
I come here to relax.
- So.
What's new in La Baule?
Same old. same old.
I suppose Marine said?
No.
I've moved on.
You should have called.
You left without
even saying goodbye.
It was cruel but I didn't
know how else to do it.
I hate goodbyes.
And Sophie?
She's history.
Since the party
the night you left.
Still with David.
So it's serious.
Who would've thought?
How are things here?
A bit different?
Oh I dunno.
Well you've not changed.
It's weird.
In only 6 months.
I feel as if I've always lived here.
Do you ever miss La Baule?
I did at first but not any more.
I needed it...
the anonymity of a big city.
Not sure I could stand it.
I can be myself.
Why. weren't you before?
Not really.
I've even changed my name!
What's your name now?
Zack
- like in...
- "Saved by the bell". yeah...
Do you go out much?
A bit less than before.
- How come?
- I dunno.
Less opportunity.
Got any friends?
Yeah. a few.
And a 'boy' friend?
Yes.
How long are you here for?
2 days.
That's not long.
I got here Monday
but didn't dare call.
If my course goes well.
I'll move here.
I thought you hated...
There's good and bad.
6 o'clock. I have to go.
Got an interview for a bar job.
Part-time work.
You can come
if you've got time.
OK.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm